and here's a small pistol which might be
a bit hard to conceal okay we're at the
diamond comics booth at the New York Toy
Fair looking at these weapons these are
from Mass Effect and Gears of War you
guys tell me what's one is which they're
made by Triforce you'll be able to get
these this summer at typical comic
retailers to kind of people who buy from
Diamond comics and you know I think I'm
gonna have to get one of these myself
they look like they'd be these would be
good for home defense and here's a small
pistol which might be a bit hard to
conceal that it looks like it has plenty
of fucking power and I've been a large
rifle down here
yeah I'm gonna have to get maybe this I
don't know just look at this thing it's
huge
it looks like it's whether or not it
looks like it's used so I maybe it won't
be so expensive oh man that's great you
guys tell me which games these are from
we're at the New York Toy Fair looking
at these weapons from Gears of War and
Mass Effect's
you